# Current research and clinical trends in rosacea pathogenesis
Supplementary Material
Refer to detail data mining and primer data for figure summery (Supplemental table 1-9). Abbreviations used has provided in Table S10.
# Figure 1 
Systematic Literature Search and Outcome Identification.
# Figure 2 
Distribution of publications on rosacea according to year. The number of publications increased slowly from 1902 to 2002. Overall, the number of publications showed an increasing trend in volatility from 2002 onward to a peak in 2020 (primary data for this analysis are shown in Table S7).
# Figure 3 
Co-occurrence analysis of keywords the keywords. The analysis method was Linlog/modularity. The weight was recorded. The color of the circle represents the average publication year. The red arrows are pathologically relevant, while the blue arrows are pathogenetic supporting evidence. 
# Figure 4 
Distribution of publications on the pathogenesis of rosacea according to year, and each contribution is also shown (primary data for this analysis are shown in Table S8).
# Figure 5 
The timeline of some key discoveries in the field of the pathogenesis of rosacea. The timeline shows different aspects of pathogenesis in different colors as follows: green - immune, red - neurogenic, orange - barrier, purple - gene, blue - microorganisms. Part of the detailed development has occurred in topics such as cathelicidine/LL-37, mast cells and genes. A guideline with a vital role in the development of rosacea is shown in the second timeline below. MMPs, matrix metalloproteinases; IL-1 β, interleukin-1 beta; TLR, Toll-like receptor; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; HLA, human leukocyte antigen; ncRNA, noncoding RNA; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; STAT, signal transducers and activators of transcription; H. pylori: Helicobacter pylori; TACR3, tachykinin receptor 3; TEWL: transepidermal water loss; TRPV, transient receptor potential ion channels of vanilloid type; B. oleronius, Bacillus oleronius; CGRP, calcitonin gene-related protein; GC, glucocorticoids; UVR, ultraviolet radiation. (The primary data for this analysis are shown in Tables S 1-6.)
# Figure 6 
Mechanisms known to contribute to the pathophysiology of rosacea. The cathelicidin could be cleaved into its active peptide form, LL-37, by KLK5 or protease 3. These mutant forms of LL-37 play a role in inflammation and angiogenesis, which contribute to the clinical manifestations seen in rosacea. KLK5 is transformed from a proenzyme to an active enzyme by MMPs. TLR2 signaling could be triggered via multiple factors, such as ultraviolet (UV) light, reactive oxygen species or microbes and Demodex/mite, which again leads to increased levels of LL-37. Moreover, UV could activate VEGF, further contributing to the clinical manifestations of rosacea. Additionally, mast cells could produce LL-37 and other cytokines to promote inflammation in rosacea. Other triggers, such as spicy food, stress, exercise, and heat, have been shown to activate TRPV/TRPA1. Rosacea seems to be a disease with systemic implications rather than a localized skin disease as previously thought. Whether these mechanisms are involved in the systemic implications needs further study. Abbreviations: KLK5: Kallikrein 5; MMPs: Matrix metalloproteinases; TLR2: Toll-like receptor 2; UV: Ultraviolet; VEGF: Vascular endothelial growth factor; TRPV: Transient receptor potential vanilloid; TRPA1: Transient receptor potential ankyrin 1.
# Figure 7 
Establishment of the systemic pathogenesis of rosacea. The distribution of each subitem in the studies of rosacea pathogenesis according to publications is also shown (primary data for this analysis is shown in Table S9). Comorbidities and risk factors share distinct pathogenetic associations with rosacea. For example, rosacea comorbidities, such as autoimmune disorders, may be related to immune, genetic, barrier and other factors. The risk factors, such as heat, sun, and spicy food, suggest a relationship between rosacea and neurogenetic pathogenesis.
